I feel that there is something wrong with the world.

From the core of my being, my heart beats 100 beats a minute and if I don’t talk about it I feel like it’s going to explode. 
There is something wrong with the world and only you know what it is; or at least a piece of it. If you fix your little piece of what you know is wrong with the world, it will be that much brighter and we will all live in a better place. 
I want to create a platform that will gather the little pieces of everything that is wrong with the world and start fixing it. 
Every… little… piece. 			I hear stories:
-Someone I know is sick. They have continuous problems with their back and infections and I know that there is a little piece of the world that’s broken because they have incurred these injuries. Let’s fix it.
-Our factory has too much inventory and pieces get lost and broken every day because there is just not enough room. We need to address that immediately. Let’s fix it.
-There is a train that I take to work from my house and every few weeks someone gets hit on the track while crossing. I’m tired of my train being late, let’s fix it.
I want to build a platform that encompasses these problems and brings the little pieces together so that we can all see the big pictures and address these issues together. We may have different reasons for wanting to fix something but in all these cases, someone out there wants it resolved just as bad. 
We are a community that has the same goal in mind. Regardless of our state or status, we all aim to survive and thrive in our environment. We want to be recognized for who we are and accepted for it. We want to be free to do as we please without the shackles of capitalistic ideals and expectations. We want to be free to fix the world or just our little piece of it.
There are some things that capitalism hasn’t been able to do and that is bring people together to feel a sense of community towards a shared goal unless it involves taking money from other people.
In this platform I aim to provide the users with a shared goal and purpose; whatever they feel it might be. There is someone out there that will connect with you and help you fix that little piece of the world that is most urgent to you and in those little pieces can you see a better world for all of us? 
My heart feels hope and peace after sharing this with you. I hope you will join me and share what it is you want to fix and find the people that will help you get it done. I love you for reading this. You are the best and brightest I heard of so much. You are a rock-star and my inspiration. Now go babe go! We got a world to fix.

Get started here.
